Initial categorization of release notes (#4872)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* Updates to some relevant Pytests to enable its use as a suite of benchmarks.
  [(#4703)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4703)

* Added `__iadd__` method to PauliSentence, which enables inplace-addition using `+=`, we no longer need to perform a copy, leading to performance improvements.
  [(#4662)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4662) 

<h4>Other improvements</h4>

* Added `ops.functions.assert_valid` for checking if an `Operator` class is defined correctly.
  [(#4764)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4764)

* `GlobalPhase` now decomposes to nothing, in case devices do not support global phases.
  [(#4855)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4855)

* Custom operations can now provide their matrix directly through the `Operator.matrix()` method
  without requiring `Operator.compute_matrix()` to be provided. Behind the scenes,

>   `has_matrix` will now automatically be `True` if `Operator.matrix` is overridden, even if

Author: This was updated a bit more to emphasize the user-facing consequence.

Reviewer: I'm ok with the change, but we never really required `Operator.compute_matrix` to be overridden. You just then had to manually update `has_matrix` to get device support.

Author: ```suggestion
* Custom operations can now provide their matrix directly through the `Operator.matrix()` method
  without needing to update the `has_matrix` property. `has_matrix` will now automatically be
  `True` if `Operator.matrix` is overridden, even if
```
@albi3ro does this look better?

  integer power.
  [(#4827)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4827)

<h3>Contributors ✍️</h3>

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

Guillermo Alonso,

> Thomas Bromley,

Author: @isaacdevlugt is your PR still to be merged?
